[upbeat hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[Saxe] Previously on Ghost...
[Theo] I took the fall
for you
because you was gonna be
somebody.
-Okay. come on--
-[Theo] Finish your beer.
then drop me off
at the treatment facility.
Don't bother visiting!
[Tariq] Russian motherfuckers.
They got a drug shipment
coming in tomorrow.
You could take credit
for the bust.
It'd get you back up
in the polls.
[Tate] This significant
victory is due
to the hard work
of my brothers and sisters
in arms in the NYPD.
I just want to say thank you
for what you did.
-[Effie] What did I do?
-[Cane] Saved us all
when you took out Lauren.
I'm sorry
I didn't make it last night.
-I--
-I don't care!
I'm moving to OKC.
and I don't want any
of this drama following me.
[Lucas]
You think Weston Holdings
is a giant Ponzi scheme.
You're right.
You guys are fucking criminals!
-[Lucas laughs]
-Wow.
When he and Tariq
are running a drug operation
under my roof.
We've known
since the beginning.
So keep
your fucking mouth shut.
[Blanca] The packaging
for the drugs
that you found
at Weston Holdings
is a match
for the drugs we found
on the Stansfield rooftop
and the Jamaica Avenue Boys
crime scene.
Sounds like a RICO to me.
[dramatic music plays]
I trusted you.
-[gunshot]
-[grunts]
Dru. what the fuck?
[Dru] He killed Papi.
[indistinct chatter]
Police! Hands on the table.
[Blanca] Diana Tejada.
you are under arrest
for possession
of an illegal narcotic
-with intent to distribute.
-Ma?
I'm coming to get you. baby.
[Lauren] The Feds
are building a RICO case
against you and the Tejadas.
A RICO?
How did Saxe not see
this shit coming?
He did.
[Saxe] I'm working with you
because it's the best way
to bring
these motherfuckers down.
but you lie to me.
I won't hesitate to burn you.
Saxe is working with the Feds.
Saxe is a fucking mole.
[Joe] ♪♪ They say this is
A big. rich town ♪♪
♪♪ I just come
From the poorest part ♪♪
♪♪ Bright lights. city life ♪♪
♪♪ I gotta make it
This is where it goes down ♪♪
♪♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪♪
♪♪ Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it ♪♪
[50 Cent] ♪♪ I never took
A straight path nowhere ♪♪
♪♪ Life's full of twists
And turns. bumps and bruises ♪♪
♪♪ I live. I learn ♪♪
♪♪ I'm from that city full of
Yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪♪
♪♪ It's hard to get a start
In these parts without paper ♪♪
♪♪ Homey. I grew up in hell
A block away from heaven ♪♪
♪♪ That corner every 15 minutes
They moving seven ♪♪
♪♪ Pure snow. bag it
Then watch it go ♪♪
♪♪ Occupational options
Get some blow or some hos ♪♪
♪♪ Shoot the ball or the strap
Learn to rap or to jack ♪♪
♪♪ Fuck it. man
In the meantime ♪♪
♪♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪♪
♪♪ This my regal. royal flow
My James Bond bounce ♪♪
♪♪ That 007
That's 62 on my count ♪♪
♪♪ I'm an undercover liar
I lie under the covers ♪♪
♪♪ Look a bitch in the eyes ♪♪
♪♪ And tell her
Baby. I love ya ♪♪
♪♪ You're my inspiration
You're my motivation ♪♪
♪♪ You're the reason that I'm
Moving with no hesitation ♪♪
[Joe] ♪♪ They say this is
A big. rich town ♪♪
♪♪ Yeah. I just come
From the poorest part ♪♪
♪♪ Bright lights. city life ♪♪
♪♪ I gotta make it
This is where it goes down ♪♪
♪♪ Oh. yeah. yeah ♪♪
♪♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪♪
♪♪ Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it ♪♪
♪ ♪
[bottle smashes]
What?
[Davis grunts]
Ain't life a motherfucker?
[Saxe] Hey. why-why don't we...
why don't we step
away from the edge?
-Huh?
-[Davis] Ah. ah. ah.
Don't be coming over here
without that six-pack.
28 years. Cooper!
28 years. I've been waiting
for my brother to get out.
And now?
He won't even see me.
Life is a motherfucker.
Mm-hmm.
Now come here.
Come on. come on--
No. I don't wanna do this.
No. no. no.
Come on. come on. come on.
All right. to. uh...
to trying to do the right thing
but gettin' fuck all for it.
Damn right.
[laughing] Okay.
Wow. that's impressive.
[sighs]
You know.
behind all that hair gel.
you're a half decent
motherfucker.
[phone buzzes]
Oh. oh. shit.
I gotta take this.
Yeah. Yeah. I got it.
[phone buzzing]
[Davis] MacLean.
What?
[uneasy music plays]
I had no idea.
I'll take care of it.
♪ ♪
[Monet] Hurry up!
I ain't raise no snitch.
but they gonna lean
on her hard.
-[Davis] I'm on it.
-[Monet] All right.
Fuck.
If it was two.
I wouldn't
be so fucking worried.
But Diana--
Ma. Diana's hard. all right?
Yeah. hard enough
to look out for herself
and sell my ass out.
♪ ♪
I'ma go to Stansfield
and see what I can find out.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Diana Tejada's been arrested.
I have to go to the precinct.
Hold on. hold on.
You are in no shape
to represent anyone tonight.
Fuck. no.
But I got about 20 blocks
to sober the fuck up.
Ah!
I'll go.
You can do
the arraignment tomorrow.
No. no. no. Monet Tejada'd
cut off my balls.
and I like my balls. Cooper.
Tell her I know the shit
they're gonna pull in there.
I used to do it.
You sure?
Absolutely!
I got this.
I owe you one. my guy.
[scoffs]
And uh. take it easy
out here. huh?
[phone chimes]
Look. this is all a setup.
You got a call from a guy
named Salim. right?
He's just trying to get back
at me for breaking up
with him. Simple.
No. not simple.
We have you
on felony possession
with intent to distribute.
Diana.
That's up
to nine years upstate.
Okay. but you can't prove
felony weight
from a photo. so...
Oh! You're an expert.
Yeah. the way you guys
harass my family. I have to be.
We don't have just a photo.
So book me then.
We thought we'd give you
a chance to avoid that.
I'm good.
Besides.
I'm a first-time offender.
so I'm looking at a misdemeanour
and community service.
If the judge agrees.
With your last name.
you think he's gonna do that?
We know you're trying to turn
your life around. Diana.
and we want to help.
Clearly.
she knows how it works.
You got to give to get.
right. mamita ?
[elevator dings]
Yo. Davis.
Hey. hey. hey. come on in.
What's this about?
Saxe was fucking lying. man.
A'ight?
The Feds are looking
at me for Lauren Baldwin.
It's part
of a fucking RICO case.
A RICO?
-[Tariq] Yes.
-With the Feds?
[Tariq]
Yes. Davis. the fucking Feds!
All right. how would Saxe
know about this?
He's their fucking CI.
Yeah.
Who's this fucking coming from?
Lauren Baldwin told me.
Man. she's been alive
this whole time.
She's been
in protective custody.
[safe beeping]
[grunts]
[Tariq] Whoa. Davis. Davis.
What the fuck you doing?
You can't do that. bro!
Nigga. get the fuck
out my face!
There's eyes on all of us!
All of us!
You gotta fucking think. Davis.
Come on!
Fuck!
Yo. just... just try
to stay calm. a'ight?
We can't let Saxe know
that we on to him
until we figure out
what the fuck he knows.
[breathing heavily]
That motherfucker is on his way
to the precinct right now.
Diana Tejada got arrested.
He's representing her.
Wait. wait. wait. what?
That means anything
she tells him.
he'll bring straight
to the fucking Feds.
I know. I'm on my fucking way.
-[Tariq] Davis!
-I know.
Act like he's not
a traitorous rat bastard.
[snorting angrily]
♪ ♪
[Diana] Even if I wanted
to help you out. I can't.
I'm just trying
to get through college.
[Blanca scoffs] A college
that you transferred into
to be with Tariq St. Patrick.
Tariq?
The guy who used
to tutor my cousin?
[Jenny] Cut the shit. Diana.
We know he works
with your brother Cane.
And Monet.
She probably got him
to kill Dante Spears.
Okay.
So then who do you really want?
You want Tariq.
or you want Monet?
[tense music plays]
[sighs] When Zeke died.
I did Diana dirty.
but I was out of my head. Dru.
She gotta understand that.
[knocking]
That's not a cop knock.
Well. go see
who the fuck it is.
[Dru] Shit.
♪ ♪
You better have a damn good
reason for showing up here.
What is it. Tariq?
You got something to do
with Diana being arrested?
[sighs] We all do.
They're trying to hit us
with a fucking RICO. y'all.
♪ ♪
This is a RICO. Diana.
[Blanca] You know how
that works. right?
Any little thing you ever did
to help Tariq or your family
-with the drug business--
-[Jenny] Like. say.
putting a little product
into a locker.
And you're looking
at 20 years' federal time.
Well. I think you guys
are confused.
because my family runs a bar.
[disbelieving laughter] Damn!
I mean. that's a lot
of dead bodies
-for serving cocktails.
-Whoo!
What. we got
Detective Whitman...
Mm-hmm.
Zeke...
-Carrie.
-...Carrie Milgram.
Jabari Reynolds--
Your dad.
I mean. it goes
all the way back to Ramirez.
the dirty cop that your mom
had between her legs
till one of you popped him.
I think you two are just
a couple of hood stans
who watch way too much
Law and Order.
[Blanca] Diana! [bangs table]
I am not gonna lie to you.
I'm going scorched earth
on this one.
So the only question is.
which side of the bars
you gonna be on
when the smoke clears?
♪ ♪
[knocking]
[Effie] Hold on! Fuck.
[scoffs] Oh. hell no.
You pay my tuition
and you think
you can just run up on me
like this?
Relax. okay?
Diana just got roped up.
[sighs] [whispers] Fuck.
Come on.
They brought her in
on possession.
Now you know how she
might have got caught up?
Listen. Effie. this could've
happened to any one of us.
-[Effie] Yeah. but it didn't.
-You're right.
You're right.
It happened
to my little sister.
All right? And I know y'all got
the same bad taste
in scrawny niggas.
but she's not gonna be sitting
in no fucked-up-ass jail cell
if there's anything
I can do about it.
She was dealing
out the campus candy store.
Maybe she got caught
on the roof camera.
Bet. Say less.
Cane?
What's up?
It was really nice.
what you did with my tuition.
Yeah. well.
you really want this shit.
and you're good at it. so...
And you did it
with no expectations?
I don't want shit from you.
Why is that so hard
for you to believe. Effie?
Because you are who you are.
Yeah. well.
maybe you don't know me.
[Summer Walker] ♪♪ Girls can't
never say they need it ♪♪
♪♪ Girls can't never say
Now oh wow ♪♪
♪♪ Give it to me
Like you need it baby ♪♪
♪♪ Want you to hear me
Screaming. heavy breathing ♪♪
♪♪ I don't need a reason.
Baby ♪♪
♪♪ I want it till
You can't fight ♪♪
♪♪ I can give it to you
Right. babe. oh ♪♪
♪♪ I wanna be your healing ♪♪
♪♪ I can be real good ♪♪
♪♪ Please don't get
In your feelings ♪♪
♪♪ Ay. I need
some lo-o-o-o-ove ♪♪
♪♪ Ay. and you can't judge ♪♪
♪♪ Girls need love too ♪♪
♪♪ So what's a girl to do ♪♪
♪♪ When she needs
Loving too? ♪♪
[Jenny sighs]
Cooper. what are
you doing here?
I am representing
Diana Tejada.
-What?
-[Saxe] I know.
Too good to be true. right?
Or too fucking unethical!
[scoffs]
Didn't we cross
that line a while back?
You weren't pretending to be
Davis' legal counsel.
It isn't worth
the risk. Cooper.
We need this.
We still don't know
their connect.
where their stash house is.
who calls the shots.
She could give us all of that.
[sighs]
[phone buzzes]
Yeah?
[Tariq] The Tejadas
are all caught up.
-You good?
-I got it.
[Tariq] A'ight. make sure
you take care of your end.
I said I got it.
[huffs]
[Saxe whispering]
Go in with her and I'm just
gonna ask a few questions.
She's gonna--
[ominous music plays]
♪ ♪
She's gonna lead us
right to the--
[Davis clears throat]
Hey. Davis. I was just--
I was. uh. telling her
that. uh. she can't question
our client
without her attorney present.
Uh. you decided to come.
Two heads are better
than one. right?
Ms. Sullivan.
[sighs] [whispers] Fuck. Fuck.
[sighs]
[Davis] Okay. Diana. first off.
from now on.
you only talk to me.
Us.
You should be out real quick.
I mean. they don't have a case
against you. and they know it.
Well. they do have that video.
And they might have gotten
the bag from the locker--
A bag whose contents you have
zero firsthand knowledge of.
Okay. okay.
Let's say that's true.
We should still discuss who
told you about those lockers.
Immaterial.
She doesn't know
what was in the bag.
Well. she hasn't exactly said.
She hadn't said she does.
Because we haven't heard
her side of the story.
Oh. my--can you both
just shut up?
You're right. Excuse us.
We haven't even asked
what you want.
Please. go ahead.
They are threatening
to go after my family.
So none of this falls
on anyone but me.
Understood.
Absolutely.
But that might require you
to plead guilty.
and as officers of the court.
we can't let you do that
if you're. in fact. innocent.
Okay.
Well. what if I do know
what was in the bag?
-What if I--
-[coffee splashes]
-[gasps]
-Oh. I'm...
partner. I am so sorry.
-So. so sorry.
-[Saxe winces]
Ah! Oh. God.
[Davis] You know what? Come on.
Come on.
Let's go get that cleaned up.
man.
Jesus Christ. Davis!
Yeah. that's gonna leave
a mark.
We've got a sous vide
pork chop over here.
Diana. I believe
we have enough for now.
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[door bangs]
[sighs]
[phone buzzes]
Oh. shit.
I gotta dip.
Ain't nobody
asked you to stay.
Okay. Nola darling.
Ain't nobody here
to shake up your lovin' bed.
[giggles] Shut up.
No. but for real.
though. it's all good.
I don't need you calling
and checking up on me.
asking how I'm doing.
none of that bullshit.
Yeah. well. actually.
I do have to call you.
Remember?
We're still
in business together.
-Mm-hmm.
-[knock at door]
[Tariq]
Yo. Effie. could you talk?
[Cane] You still fucking
with Slim Fit?
No.
[Tariq knocks] Real quick.
It's about business.
I don't feel like dealing
with this today. okay?
So maybe you just--
What? You mean hide
in the bathroom like a simp?
Cane. 30 seconds.
Please.
This is crazy.
[mouthing words]
[sighs]
Fuck do you want?
Well. you wanted back
in the business. right?
I got a job for you.
A job?
Nigga. who am I. TaskRabbit?
Well. I need someone
to pick up the cups
and fill out these orders.
Fuck you!
That's a job for a corner boy.
Look. the Street's
got some heat right now.
If the boys is hot.
we gotta get 'em the fuck
off of Wall Street. Effie.
It's true.
But still. fuck you.
You gotta make money.
I gotta move product.
We don't got to like
each other to work.
Tariq. I do this.
I want my own product.
[Tariq] All right. fine.
One brick a week.
Go take care of it.
[phone buzzes]
[door shuts]
[phone chimes]
Sorry to bring you
out here for bad news.
but when I stepped away.
shit got sloppy.
But now I'm back.
making things right.
First. we got to shut down
our operations
for a couple of days.
A couple days?
-You know how much m--
-Shh!
Let her finish.
Look. the Feds
are watching us.
As of right now. this ain't
got shit to do with y'all.
They don't know
we workin' together.
Y'all just lay low while
I dead this investigation.
This shit will never touch you.
Dead the investigation how?
The less you know.
the better off you'll be.
If we ain't in on this. we
ain't shutting down business.
Fuck that!
You watch your mouth!
Yes. we do.
I'm not losing
any more family to prison!
[speaks Spanish]
All right?
Hmm?
[sighing]
There's nothing more
to discuss.
Come on. Vamo. Let's go.
You know where Gordo is?
He's not picking up
any of my calls.
[tense music plays]
No. um...
no. I haven't heard from him.
Trouble in paradise. Romeo?
No.
No. we're all good.
♪ ♪
[door closes]
At my house. really?
[KeKe] Walk with me.
What the fuck
are you doing here?
[KeKe] Just checking up
on my little Inspector Gadget.
Not him. but. you know.
they do sort of look alike.
-KeKe?
-[KeKe] Okay. look.
When you didn't show up today.
me and Lucas thought
we should check in.
make sure you're
not overreacting.
Overreacting.
You're stealing
people's life savings
and ruining their lives.
Please!
Those people
are rich. clueless.
They'll never even miss it.
Okay. so they're
not gonna miss
their retirement accounts.
pensions. none of that?
Are you kidding me?
Brayden. you're a drug dealer.
You sell people
poison for a living.
[Brayden] Keep it down.
Look. you're just
in your feelings right now
because our clients
look and talk just like you.
Not the Tejadas.
Yeah. about that--
Monet Tejada's been
calling all morning.
demanding to have
a meeting with Lucas.
[scoffs] You know we can't have
that kind of exposure.
I know.
Okay.
So you're gonna put
your suit on
and handle your investor.
Capisce?
[sighs]
Ma. what's up?
What. you don't care
about this family no more?
What you mean? I'm out here
trying to help out Diana.
You was helping
your dick. nigga.
I ain't stupid.
And while you up there
in that scholarship pussy.
I'm out here trying
to handle the RICO
that's about to bite us
in the ass.
Wait. RICO? What RICO?
The one they trying
to make Diana
flip on us for.
Yeah. nigga. so listen good.
We are not moving
any product until I say so.
Okay. you told Tariq this?
'Cause he's in motion.
Tariq knows.
And don't go breathing
a word of this shit to Effie.
because she needs to think
we're business as usual.
Fuck that!
Y'all out here trying
to set up Effie?
Boy. I done told you
everything you need to know.
so don't go thinking
for yourself.
'Cause then I'ma realise
I don't need you.
That's why you say that shit.
I say it
because it's true. Cane.
Now I got to go
out there and clean up
another one of your messes.
The fuck did I do now?
Weston Holdings.
[Cane] Nah. see?
You can't handle
that I did some smart shit.
some shit you would
have never thought of!
Cane. you ain't do
no smart shit.
You know we can't trust
them white boys on Wall Street.
You gave our money to a bunch
of motherfuckers
who never wanna see us do
well ever.
Now I gotta go get it
the fuck back.
And don't you go
talking to that girl.
because this RICO shit is real.
and it's banging at our door.
[dramatic music plays]
[sighing]
Yo! I've been calling you.
What the fuck?
I've been dealing
with some work shit. bro.
There's a fucking RICO
investigation into us. B.
Wait. RI-RICO like YSL RICO?
Yes. a fucking RICO!
How do you know?
I'll tell you later.
but right now.
we need to focus
on deading No Cap
for a few days. a'ight?
Bro. now is not
the time to zone out.
-Listen to me! Listen!
-I'm just processing the irony
that I'm the Weston
being targeted
by a federal investigation
right now.
What do you mean?
Weston Holdings
is a fucking Ponzi scheme.
I saw the books.
Wait. are you telling me this
whole fucking thing is a scam?
[Brayden] Yes.
But you can't say anything.
okay?
If my uncle finds out
that I told you.
he'll out us for dealing.
He knows
about fucking everything.
B. that means my fucking
trust fund money is gone!
Yeah. and the Tejadas'.
If Monet wants that money back.
we're fucking dead!
Yeah. we are
fucking dead. Brayden.
You're not supposed
to agree with me. Tariq!
What the fuck
do you want me to do?
-Hmm?
-I don't know.
You always come up with a plan.
You have something. right?
I don't know. man.
All I can say is.
I'm tired of being
on fucking defence. all right?
We need to get
on offence for once.
[huffs]
Fuck. fuck. fuck!
[jazz music playing]
[birds chirping]
Ma'am. I'm sorry. but the patio
is for members only.
Ma'am?
-Ma'am?
-Um. do you know her?
Mr. Weston. I'm so sorry.
Lenny. It's okay.
Ms. Tejada's a friend.
Here. have a seat.
Join us.
All right. what can I...
what can I do for you?
I've been trying to reach you.
but I was told
you weren't available.
Yes. well. I usually take
client meetings at the office.
Well. I'm not one
of your usual clients.
When I call.
you get on the phone.
When I have questions.
you answer them.
And the second I want
my money back.
you give it to me.
Am I clear?
Hmm.
A woman who speaks her mind.
Ms. Tejada. I think
we have an understanding.
And it's a real pleasure
to meet you.
[huffs]
You should use sunscreen.
You look a little pink.
[slurps]
Ooh. that's good.
Sorry.
They only gave me
Fritos and a Sprite.
No. I'm sorry
about that meeting
last night with Davis.
We just have
different defence strategies.
Well. that's why I wanted
to talk to you alone.
It's kind of fucked up. right?
Yeah. I mean especially
because everything
you tell us--well. me--
is confidential.
The thing is...
I don't know
if I can trust Davis.
He's looking out for
a lot of people.
people like Monet.
They do seem to have
a special relationship.
And I'm just wondering.
what if he's doing what's best
for her and not me?
[sighs]
I would really hope
that's not the case.
Listen.
if I tell you something.
you won't tell anyone. right?
That includes Davis.
I promise.
Diana. I just want
to get you out of here.
[dramatic music plays]
Okay.
Well. um. there's something
I think you should know.
♪ ♪
Effie Morales. She's our woman.
We've already
been down that road.
Effie doesn't connect
Tariq to anything
beyond dealing at Stansfield.
Until now.
See. Tariq used to keep
his worlds separate.
but he's letting Effie in.
to the point where she's got
her hands in everything.
So if we follow
her now. you think
she could connect
the campus drugs
to Wall Street and the Tejadas'
street business?
I do. And if she does.
she's also
the most likely to cooperate--
straight-A student
who's got a future
other than drug dealing.
Where did you get this lead?
[sighs] From Diana Tejada.
I'm representing her
on the drug arrest.
Are you out
of your goddamn mind?
This is privileged information
you got as her attorney.
But it doesn't have to be
fruit of the poisonous tree.
We have plenty on Effie
to backfill
reasonable suspicion.
She's on the rooftop camera.
and she's a named perp
in Lauren's attempted murder.
...which was clearly
retaliation on behalf
of the drug organisation.
Real cute routine you two
got going on here.
Did you practice in the tub?
Blanca. let's do this.
okay. before more people
get killed.
[scoffs]
If you're right.
this blows your cover.
You ready for that?
[tense music plays]
I am.
♪ ♪
Okay.
I'll put a tail on Morales.
[phone buzzing]
[phone beeps]
This is a business call. right?
I mean. it was until you...
came on here sounding
hella naked. and that's on you.
[chuckles]
But real talk.
I heard Tariq asked
you to do that pickup.
Sure you want to be his gofer?
I'm sorry. what's that
got to do with you?
I'm just saying. you sure
you trust this little nigga?
Uh... Cane. if you have
something to say then say it.
-[distant bang]
-[Dru] Fuck!
[rattling]
Hey. let me hit you back.
Fuck!
[Cane] Dude. what the fuck?
[TV host]
So. Everett. you came here
for a very specific purpose.
-Is that right?
-Yes.
I'd like my friends
and family and...
everyone. honestly.
to know something
I've been keeping to myself
for a long time.
I'm gay.
So why did you decide to come
on this show to say that?
Because there isn't currently
a single openly gay.
active NBA player.
But we're here.
and we shouldn't have to hide.
So I'm done with all that.
So what's the support been like
from your teammates?
They've been great.
Everyone's been really great.
I couldn't do this
without them...
and my boyfriend.
Ah yes. the BF.
Nice to meet you.
[Jemele] Same here.
So let's dish
for a second here.
[uneasy music plays]
[clattering]
Where you going?
[sighs]
To drink till I black
the fuck out.
♪ ♪
[applause]
[moderator] Welcome
to the Stansfield University
congressional debate
between Councilman Rashad Tate
and his opponent.
Annie Vuong-Han.
We will be beginning
momentarily.
I can't imagine
either of these
will be the friend to us
that Sweeney was.
Friends are often disguised
in the war paint of enemies.
Do you really have
to talk like that?
If you guys are gonna argue.
can you not do it
with me in the middle?
Thanks.
Let's start with something
that's on all our minds:
-rising crime rates.
-Mm.
[moderator] What's your plan
to bring them down?
Ms. Vuong-Han?
First. we need to look
at the details
behind these numbers.
Petty theft. trespass...
these are crimes of poverty.
not of malice.
Unlike my opponent here.
I actually come from poverty.
And let me tell you. these
so-called crimes of poverty
are daily intrusions
that tear away at our dignity.
which is why I recently worked
with law enforcement
to stop a major shipment
of drugs that were
about to flood into our city.
And I--
That was a publicity stunt
motivated by self-interest
and cronyism.
just like everything
Mr. Tate does.
He wants to be
the man of the poor?
Then why does his donor list
read like a who's who
of Wall Street's
biggest crooks?
Or a who's who of the brave.
risk-taking men and women
who keep the city's economy
going
despite the demonisation
of capitalism
that makes
for a cool Instagram post.
but not very smart
fiscal policy.
[quietly] See?
We've got our man.
[moderator] Let's move on
to another topic.
[Saxe] Hey. man. [sighs]
I'm gonna call it a day
unless you need me.
-No. all good.
-[Theo] Oh. hey.
I'm glad you're
both still here.
The--
Before you say anything.
I wanna apologise
to both of you.
This transition to being out.
it ain't nothing.
-And--
-Hey man. we get it.
-No apology necessary.
-[Davis clears throat]
[Theo]
And I've got some good news.
Clinic says I'm
a great candidate.
The treatment's
already working.
Ah. pfft. couldn't
be happier for you. man.
[Davis] My nigga.
May I have a fucking minute
with my own fucking brother.
please?
[scoffs] Yeah. sure. man.
Uh... good night.
[door closes]
Got a problem with white boy?
I just don't need him knowing
every little thing
about you and me.
Hope you a lot better
in court. my brother.
All right.
all right. all right.
Look. I-I found out
last night that Saxe
is working with the Feds.
And you just let him walk
on out of here?
I'ma take care of it. okay?
I'm only telling you
because I'm worried
it'll fuck with your release.
I... I know. I know.
I-I messed up.
and I'm real sorry. bro.
You know. things might
work out better for you
if you ain't always so sure
you the smartest
motherfucker in the room.
[Tate] Ah babe. let's eat.
I am starving.
You want to give me your most
gentle ego-preserving feedback
over a Melba's Mac and Cheese?
I just saw you
talking to Lucas Weston.
Honey. you know AVH is right.
You're gonna be beholden
to those people.
[sighs] You're right.
But I gotta get the job first.
And as soon as I do. I'll quit
those seersucker motherfuckers
and give everyone
free health care
and an organic garden.
-Mm-hmm.
-[Tate] I promise.
You know. buttercup. you got
to do better than that.
I'm not convinced.
Can I convince you to marry me?
[sighs] Oh. Rashad.
not this again.
Yes. this again.
-I'm serious.
-No!
I'm just another thing
you need to win...
the doting wife.
Well. you're not
wrong about that.
But also.
I... happen to love you.
[tender music plays]
Stop it.
I do.
And you make me remember
why I got into all this
in the first place.
I mean. you're thoughtful.
You're brilliant.
[sighs] You know what?
I'm gonna go ahead
and cancel that lunch meeting
between myself
and Lucas Weston.
-Really?
-[Tate] Yeah.
That's a good start.
[Tariq] RSJ.
[RSJ] I didn't see you
inside the debate. Tariq.
Listen. I have something
I wanna speak to you about.
I'm not sure
how I'ma say this. but...
Weston Holdings
is a Ponzi scheme.
How long have you known
about this?
-I just found out.
-Okay.
All right. all right.
I'll take you
to the SEC tomorrow.
You report what you know.
We'll make sure
you're not implicated.
[Tariq]
No. no. no. no. You do that.
you don't get a penny back
from what you've invested.
Are you suggesting
that I blackmail Lucas Weston?
I'm suggesting that you
don't let him fucking rob you.
Hold the fuck up.
I worked my ass off to get here
by doing things the right way.
I was walking away
from the Westons
before your shady ass
pulled me back in.
So let me be absolutely clear.
I'm fucked. Tariq.
because of you.
Look. I didn't know
about the Ponzi scheme.
And with all due respect. RSJ.
you're not the only one
that's fucked.
All right?
So the question is.
what are you willing to do
about this?
[tense music plays]
[tense electronic music plays]
Target approaching her vehicle
near northeast campus gate.
♪ ♪
[engine turns over]
Let's go.
Target is on the move.
We're tailing.
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicking]
[discordant electronic music
plays]
♪ ♪
Morales just made a pickup.
Following
to the next location.
Requesting backup.
♪ ♪
[phone buzzing]
-Hey.
-You were right.
Effie is leading us
to everything we need.
Okay. uh. g-great.
That-that's great.
Things are gonna move fast.
like within the day.
Are you sure
you're okay with this?
[uneasy music plays]
♪ ♪
Yeah.
Okay.
And. Cooper. just be careful.
[clears throat]
[indistinct chatter]
[light music plays]
♪ ♪
Dru?
Hey.
Thought that was you.
What up. Ev?
I didn't know
you liked this place too.
I was gonna tell you
I was in town.
Oh. but no.
But a nigga like me
ain't a good look
for that gay celebrity shit
you doing now.
Dru. you know...
No. it's... it's fine.
It's fine. I get it.
I made my choice.
just like you did
with your white boy
with stripes.
Really? [scoffs]
-Ev. do you want me to--
-[Dru] No. wait.
This is fine. doc.
It's fine.
[Dru] I'm happy for you.
Got yourself a good man.
Dru. maybe we
should go outside.
Don't you fucking touch me!
[soft music plays]
You remember how you telling me
that I didn't know
what I wanted?
[somber music plays]
Well. I figured it out.
I found someone for me.
But never the fuck mind.
because that shit got
so fucking fucked up that...
that you-you wouldn't
possibly understand.
♪ ♪
So now he's... now he's gone.
And... and-and-and-and-and-
and I-I got nothing.
I got nothing... nothing!
You got everything.
and I got nothing.
-[Everett] It's okay.
-Right?
How does that--
how does that fucking work?
-[Everett] Okay.
-How do you get nothing--
[sobbing]
It's all gonna be okay.
[Dru continues sobbing]
[engine revs]
["Call Ticketron" playing]
-[siren wails]
-[Effie] Shit!
♪ ♪
-Fuck.
-[agent] Stop!
[agents shouting]
[agent] Grab her! Stop running!
[agent] Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa.
Right here. Right here.
Easy. Take it easy.
My fucking shoulder!
[El-P]
♪♪ ...we aim for the darkness ♪♪
♪♪ Make it get hot
For a target ♪♪
♪♪ Kids cook s'mores off
The crotch of our targets ♪♪
♪♪ Kumbaya. bitch ♪♪
♪♪ Buckle up. li'l trooper ♪♪
♪♪ Can't get past me
I'm stuck in the future... ♪♪
All right guys. let's hit it.
[Killer Mike] ♪♪ You can tell
By the stench in the air... ♪♪
On my six!
♪ ♪
[agent] Move up.
Move. move. move.
[Killer Mike] ♪♪ ...or should
Everybody fear? ♪♪
♪ ♪
It's negative.
[Killer Mike] ♪♪ Moving
Through the streets ♪♪
♪♪ And we lootin'. robbin'
Mobbin'. marchin'... ♪♪
It's fucking sugar.
[Killer Mike] ♪♪ ...this is
Now bank robbery ♪♪
♪♪ Jesse James gang we'll walk
You through the process ♪♪
♪♪ You don't wanna be a hero ♪♪
♪♪ Do not let
That thought process... ♪♪
He said let her go.
You fucking heard him!
Let me go!
Fuck off of me!
♪ ♪
[keys tapping]
[phone buzzes]
♪ ♪
[phone chimes]
Ma. take a look at this.
[Dru] I found someone for me.
But never the fuck mind.
'cause that shit got
so fucking fucked up that...
that you-you
wouldn't possibly understand.
And now he's...
now he's gone and...
and-and-and-and-and I...
I got nothing.
This shit has gone viral.
He told us everything was good.
And still nothing from Gordo.
[quiet dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
We need to have
another conversation with Dru.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
Where's Dru?
That's your son.
Let's get this shit over with.
All right.
Well. with the Feds knowing
that we're on to them.
they've got to regroup.
So that buys us some more time.
What's this?
Skinny nigga Masterclass
on how to beat a RICO?
-Cane. shut up.
-[Cane] So. Tariq...
Nigga always saying
some dumb shit.
...you gonna go
after your man Saxe.
or you gonna pull
a Lauren and chauffeur
his snitch ass out of town?
Because the nigga
got to get dead.
Listen. I'll take care
of it. all right?
Right now. we've got to worry
about getting a new distro
for Wall Street
before Noma starts asking us
more fucking questions.
[knocking]
Fuck is this?
[uneasy music plays]
♪ ♪
I know what y'all did.
and I know why y'all did it.
I don't understand why
you all had to leave me
in the dark about it.
A'ight. look. Effie.
We needed someone
on the outside.
and you weren't at risk.
Well. you got a point.
We shouldn't have left you
in the dark.
but we here now.
It's all good.
I'da did the same shit
to any one of y'all.
Are you coming?
Enjoy the rest
of your Ted Talk. Ma.
You knew about that?
Look. I don't give a shit
about who's fucking who.
We need to talk
about Weston Holdings.
I don't trust that St. Bernard-
looking motherfucker for shit.
And I want a cashier's check
of my full amount on Monday.
Every penny. Tariq.
Let yourself out.
[uneasy music plays]
♪ ♪
[keys clacking]
[line ringing]
[Brayden] Yo. what up. Riq?
Yo. we running out of time.
We got to do this shit today.
♪ ♪
Sugar. pounds and pounds of it.
[sighs]
Did they check everywhere?
They knew
we were coming. Cooper.
which means they knew
about you.
No.
Fuck. there's no way
Diana Tejada suspected me.
There has to be
another explanation.
I have one.
Good. What is it?
You're working for them.
and you set up
this whole thing to burn me.
[scoffs]
Burn you?
Jenny. I'm the one
who just got
fucking burned here
because
of your team's sloppy work.
My team acted
off the intelligence
that you gave them!
And if they did it right. Tariq
and his serial killer
associates
would be behind bars right now.
not waiting
around the next fucking corner
to kill me.
I told you Diana was smart.
Oh. my God.
I have a target
on my back.
and all you can say is.
"I told you so"?
This affects me too.
I banked everything
on this investigation.
and now I have
shit all over me.
I'm sorry. but I can't ask
for protection for you now.
[uneasy music plays]
Phew.
[laughs humourlessly]
You know...
[smacks lips]
You know Jenny.
for a while there...
[sighs]
...it felt good to like you.
to actually want
to be with you.
[tense music plays]
But you will never know
what that feels like
because the only thing
you're loyal to
is your own fucked-up ambition.
and that is
a lonely. miserable life.
but it suits you.
Fuck you. Saxe.
Never again. Jenny.
Never again.
♪ ♪
[line ringing]
Tariq. it's Saxe.
Listen.
I know where Tasha
and Yas are. and if I die.
that information does too.
[door opens]
So call off your dogs and--
[panting]
[phone beeps]
Theo... Theo... listen.
I promise none of this
affects you or your release.
Shut the fuck up and drive.
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[phone buzzing]
[Lucas] Well. I have
a dinner meeting to get to.
but I can always make time for
my favourite limited partner--
and the youth!
So glad you brought them.
Shut the fuck up. Lucas.
I've never met a man with so
little integrity in my life.
Whoa. sorry.
Wh-where is this coming from?
I know it's a Ponzi. Lucas.
RSJ. I am so sorry
that you have found yourself
in the middle
of a family squabble.
But that is a lie
that my drug dealing...
fuck-up nephew
is telling to cover--
Stop talking!
[bangs table]
I'll call the SEC tonight.
Or we can handle it
another way.
and I keep my mouth shut.
In exchange. you return
every dollar of my investment
and Tariq's trust fund.
And. uh. the other thing. RSJ--
And the Tejada money.
You ungrateful.
entitled little...
[inhales]
And you!
Guess you think
this is the hood.
[chuckles]
Guess what? It is not.
My nigga. this whole world
is the hood. all right?
Shut the fuck up.
[laughs in disbelief]
You're gonna regret this.
Calm the fuck down. Lucas.
And if you do anything
against Tariq or Brayden.
I'll leave an anonymous tip
with my friends
at the commission
the second
I receive all my money.
I guess we're all gonna have
to get along now.
We're all in this together.
I'm not in anything with you.
but I can't disagree
that I find myself...
uh. skewered ass to mouth like
a suckling pig over hot coals.
[inhales]
But as is the nature
of these situations.
I don't currently have
the funds for repayment.
I've created a repayment plan
based on your rate
of new investment.
Let's just hope
the Feds don't find out
until I'm paid in full.
Oh. I've got that covered.
[knocking]
MJ. The Musical.
front row. you and I--
boom.
Mwah! [laughs]
Ain't so bad being
my plus one. now is it?
I had an interesting chat
with Brushaundria today.
Oh. no. no. listen.
I'm not trying to look
at any intern's titties.
I mean. it's not my fault them
just be jiggling and twerking
-around the damn office.
-Rashad...
she said that
you met with Lucas Weston.
[scoffs]
After you told me you wouldn't.
[sighs]
You're right.
I--
[sighs]
I lied. okay. and I'm sorry.
Okay?
But you know what. baby?
Starting right now.
in this very moment.
we're gonna have
a fully honest relationship.
I've been honest
with you. Rashad.
So a brother's off
to a slow start.
Not funny.
Okay. listen.
Here's everything.
Not only did I meet
with Weston today.
I also accepted
a campaign donation.
A donation?
You have to give that back.
[laughs]
Give it... give it back.
No. no. see. uh. I did...
that I cannot do.
You know?
I'm into this honesty thing.
I'm just not into losing.
Okay.
That's funny.
because you're losing me.
[somber music plays]
♪ ♪
[Saxe] Tariq. It's Saxe.
Listen.
I know where Tasha
and Yas are. and if I die.
that information does too.
[sighs]
So call off your dogs--
And this shit just ends.
Called him. like. ten times.
no answer. nothing.
We've got to get to him
before the Tejadas do.
That motherfucker ain't stupid.
He's probably bluffing.
Either way. I'm sure he's
halfway to some family bunker
in Montana by now.
[phone buzzing]
I gotta take this.
MacLean.
Yes. I'm his emergency contact.
But he told me
the treatments were working.
Yes.
I understand.
[phone beeps]
[Theo] This is Theo.
Do the thing you do here.
-[voice mail beeps]
-Theo.
Why have you been lying
about your treatments?
Hmm? Stop fucking ignoring me!
-[phone beeps]
-Yo. you good?
No. I'm not good.
My brother's fucking dying.
and he won't pick up my calls.
Shit.
You have any idea
where he could be?
What time did you get
Saxe's voicemail?
-Hour ago.
-[Davis] Fuck.
What?
I told Theo Saxe betrayed me.
and-and now I think
he's gonna make him pay.
Fuck. man. your brother's
with Saxe?
Until the crazy motherfucker
kills him. yes.
Davis. if Saxe dies.
we're fucked.
Hey. shut up already.
I think I might know
where they are.
♪ ♪
[truck squealing]
Ma.
[Monet] You okay?
You did good. baby girl.
Yeah. but my charges
are still pending.
-Davis will handle those.
-He better.
What I just say?
Ma. and that ain't all.
I want out... out the game
and out of New York.
I'm thinking I can transfer
to Spelman at semester.
And I know you got enough
to cover
tuition and living expenses.
It'd be a fresh start for me.
Fresh start.
I'll give you a fresh slap
upside your fucking head.
Go get in the car. Diana.
Fuck.
I hate this shit.
[smooth music plays]
[singer] ♪♪ I know it's been
A long day ♪♪
♪♪ And you waiting
To come home to me ♪♪
♪♪ So just lay ♪♪
♪♪ Your head upon me ♪♪
♪♪ You're not lonely ♪♪
♪♪ I'm always here ♪♪
♪♪ To take the pressure off ♪♪
♪♪ I know the world goes hard
On you ♪♪
♪♪ And there's so much
On your shoulders baby ♪♪
♪♪ I'm here for you ♪♪
♪♪ How many times
I gotta tell you ♪♪
♪♪ I'm here for you ♪♪
♪♪ When the sky ain't blue
And the show is over ♪♪
♪♪ I'm here for you... ♪♪
Baby. hold up.
You sure you cool
with how everything went down?
Hundred percent. You?
Somewhere between 80 and 110.
-I think we're fine.
-[Cane] Oh yeah?
Mm-hmm. [giggling]
-[knock at door]
-[person] Maintenance.
Got a gas leak on your floor.
Got to check your vent.
[Effie] You have got to be
fucking joking right now.
Yeah. tell them I'm checking
your vents right now.
[Effie giggling]
[person] Okay. coming in.
[Effie]
Hold on. I'm getting dressed.
Effie Morales.
you are under arrest.
What the fuck?
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
[sighs]
Get the fuck off of me!
Hey. y'all got
a fucking warrant?
[chuckles]
Why. you her lawyer?
Why don't you shut the fuck up
before I bring your ass in too?
Let's go.
[panting]
[ominous music plays]
♪ ♪
What the fuck is this?
That place was clean.
and you know it.
You're not being arrested
for drug dealing. Effie.
Then what fucking for?
Attempted murder.
Yeah. that's her.
That's the bitch
that tried to kill me.
♪ ♪
[cop] This way.
-[cop] Move it.
-[cop] Move. Get in the car.
[Jenny] Okay. let's go.
♪ ♪
Theo. Theo. I promise you.
I will disappear forever!
That's exactly
what's gonna happen!
Come on. man. you're free.
You're free. okay?
-Shut up!
-You don't have to do this.
-Shut up.
-Theo. Theo!
-Shut up!
-[Saxe] Listen to me.
Theo. Theo. wait.
-Please. Theo--
-Theo!
Put the fucking gun down!
Get the fuck out
of here. Davis!
Davis. thank you. Listen. man--
Shut the fuck up. Saxe!
This traitor gotta go.
little brother.
And I'm the perfect one
to do it.
Look. it's not over for you.
okay. bro?
Look. there'll be more
treatments. more clinics.
No. man. it is over. It's over.
I lied about the treatment so
you'd stop worrying about me.
I've got a month at best.
[Tariq] Yo. you pull that
trigger. you only making shit
worse for Davis.
Listen to
your fucking brother. man.
He's right. Theo.
Theo. look at me.
Put the gun down.
please. for me.
You'll be fine. brother.
Besides. this ain't about you!
See. you ain't never think
about what I want.
This is it.
No. Theo. listen. please!
[gunshot]
[spacey music plays]
[echoing thud]
♪ ♪
Oh. God. Jesus!
Fuck! No. no. no. no. no. Theo!
Theo! Theo! Look at me. Theo.
Look at me.
Give me the fucking gun.
Okay?
I can still fix this.
You're not taking
the blame for this.
I'm not letting you
go back to prison.
You right about that. baby bro.
♪ ♪
We both free now.
Oh. fuck!
Motherfucker!
God damn it. Theo. why?
♪ ♪
[distantly. sobbing] Oh. my...
Motherfucker!
♪ ♪
Why would you do that?
[distant sirens wailing]
[sobbing]
♪ ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm